Today (June 15th, 2016) I gained even more knowledge. I learned the difference between .jar and .war files, 
learned how to install maven and jspwiki using git and install openOffice. I also installed notepad++, chrome,
and 7zip. 

Notes:
Jar vs War files

	Java Archives (JAR) are files that contain libraries, resources and accessories files like property files. 
	
	Web Archives (WAR) are files that contain the web application that can be deployed on any servlet/jsp container. 
	The war file contains jsp, html, javascript and other files necessary for the development of web apps. 

How to convert word to wiki?

	After reading some articles online on how to convert doc files to wiki, I came to conclude that there are a few 
	things we can do. Those include using the mediaWiki add-in for word which helps us save the files as a wiki type, 
	or we can save our doc file as an html file and conevert it to wiki using some kind of converter such as Universal Wiki Converter, 
	or we can use OpenOffice to convert the doc but first we have to download the Sun-publisher add-in for OpenOffice so 
	that we are able to save files as MediaWiki type. 

Today (June 16th, 2016) I finally started working more on wiki. I started converting the big doc file that was assigned to 
us to the wiki page. I enjoyed working with wiki because I gained more knowledge on how to use wiki and learned the syntax 
that is being used on there. I did not get the whole doc file converted but I plan on finishing it tomorrow. The plan for 
tomorrow is to get that wiki file done and the OpenOffice installed using git.  

Today (June 17th, 2016) We were finally able to finish converting the whole document to wiki. It took us a while to get it 
done but we managed. This conversion helped us tremendously. This is because we learned more about wiki synatx. We also 
started looking for ways we can convert a doc file to wiki without doing it manually. Also, we are still trying to install 
OpenOffice using git. However, all I found was commands for Lunix and not for Windows. 

Today (June 18th, 2016) This is just one of my daily updates. Today is my day off so I am not planning to do anything.

(June 19th, 2016) - none

(June 20th, 2016) - none.

(June 21st, 2016) - I spent most of my day converting documents to wiki. In addition, more wiki pages created and edited.
I learned more wiki syntax, especially tables. We still have more documents to work on tomorrow. 
documents to create on wiki. 

(June 22, 2016) - We were able to finish all the document that were given to us and converted them to wiki. It took us a 
while to do it because of all the tables that were on the document. After doing these documents, we now understand how wiki works. 

(June 23, 2016) - Today we spent most of our day just looking over and modifying wiki pages. We also spent a good amount of time on practicing Java code using eclipse. We still need more practice on eclipse because we have not had to use it in a while. Tomorrow we will do more on eclipse and try to write some more code and get used to it better.

(June 24, 2016) - Today I was able to clone the JSPWIKI script on my laptop. I kept looking over it that script so I can get an idea about how it works. It looks a little bit complicated because the script has some errors in it. I am still waiting to get the Microsoft wikiMedia add-in for word. This will help convert word documents to wiki easily instead of having to conveert them manually.

(June 25, 2016) - None.


(June 23, 2016) - Today we spent most of our day just looking over and modifying wiki pages. We also spent a good amount of
time on practicing Java code using eclipse. We still need more practice on eclipse because we have not had to use it in a 
while. Tomorrow we will do more on eclipse and try to write some more code and get used to it better. 

(June 24, 2016) - Today I was able to clone the JSPWIKI script on my laptop. I kept looking over it that script so I can get an idea about how it works. It looks a little bit complicated because the script has some errors in it. I am still waiting to get Microsoft wikiMedia add-in for word. This will help convert word documents to wiki easily instead of having to conveert them manually. 

(June 25, 2016) - none.

(June 26, 2016) - none.

(June 27, 2016) - Today we were able to use the wikiMedia extension for office. That add-in really helps with converting the documents to wiki. I also worked a little more on Java and practiced some code. I am still looking for the mediaWiki extension source code to see if we can fix it to make it compatible with our wiki site.

(June 28, 2016) - Today we spent most of our day just modifying wiki pages on our site, as well as practicing some java code using eclipse editor. We are waiting on more documents to convert to wiki using our new extension for office. It really comes in handy.

(June 29, 2016) - Today we spent our day converting more documents to our wiki page. We also looked over some code and tried to understand it but it is pretty difficult to grasp the first time. We were not at work all day because we had an intern event that we had to attend. 

(June 30, 2016) - Today I was able to convert a lot of documents to our wiki page. I also gained some knowledge about regular expressions. Those can be used to help with the conversion process. 

(July 1, 2016) - Today I spent my day learning more wiki syntax. I alos created and converted a lot of documents to our wiki page. It is really good practice for us. 

(July 2, 2016) - None.

(July 3, 2016) - None.

(July 4, 2016) - Happy 4th!!

(July 5, 2016) - None!

(July 6, 2016) - none.

(July 7, 2016) - none.

(July 8, 2016) - none.

(July 11, 2016)- We finally came back from vacation today. So we started working on some more documents to convert to our wiki page. 

(July 12, 2016) - More knowledge on git and its commands.

(July 13, 2016) - More search on MediaWiki and Curl commands.

